Added devfile properties (#55)
devfile/docs: docs/modules/user-guide/partials/proc_devfile-properties.adoc

[id="proc_devfile-properties_{context}"]
= Devfile properties 

[role="_abstract"]

> Use this page to work with yaml files of devfile properties. See the following table of contents to go to the devfile property you want to work with:

Reviewer: - Two times "work with"
- "yaml files that have devfile properties" maybe?
- The first sentence is very vague. How can the user use this page to work with yaml files? Is this page explaining how to edit them in various ways? This comes down to "what does 'work with' mean"? Which will also help in finding a replacement fro this expression. I think a proper description of what is actually going on here would help.

Author: Okay cool, let me flush out the abstract with your suggestions there, then see what you think about the revision!

== SchemaVersion

> 

Reviewer: Introductory sentences do seem redundant often, but maybe they would help to understand this guide? Like "This section describes how to xy schema versions of devfiles". The same goes for the other sections too of course.

Reviewer: Update: If you decide to merge the tables into one, introductory sentences like the proposed one would probably become unnecessary.

Author: Okay, I think, for now, we'll leave each section as having it's own table...in which case I'll add an introductory sentence to the abstract and individual sections like you suggested!

[source,yaml]

> ----

Reviewer: There is zero explanation or context in this whole guide, which makes it a bit difficult to understand for me right now, even looking at https://odo.dev/file-reference/#devfile-properties. What does the code block do there and what does the table mean? What can users do with this information? Some explanation and context would be useful in my opinion.

Author: The table is supposed to help users get started with devfiles with only a quick read. Hence, the bare bones of yaml and properties. However, I can add to the abstract and possibly an intro sentence to communicate this message to users.

v2.0
---
schemaVersion: 2.0.0
----

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Key
|schemaVersion

|Type
|string

|Required
|yes

|Description
|v2.0.0 of the schema

> |===

Reviewer: Maybe it would make more sense to put all the information in one table at the top? Since they all share the same categories (key, type, required, and description) and tables should help the user order more complex information in a nice overview. Having these small tables with only one row all over the guide seems to take a lot of space?
Maybe you'd be interested in this article about using tables!
https://medium.com/@heyoka/lets-bring-table-to-the-table-again-f1ae751159d5

Author: Thanks, for the article! The Brady Bunch reference is fire! I'll think about the one table...I might wait to get the dev opinion on one shared table or separate!

> For more information, go to: xref:migrating-schema-version.adoc[].

Reviewer: For links like this, it's always good to mention what the information provides more of. "For more information on xy, go to ..."
Also I've been wondering how the xref is really rendered in the end. Here it looks like it displays "migrating-schema-version" while the link should display the name of the section nicely, right? Like the headline of the adoc file e.g. "Migrating schema versions", you know what I mean?
 I am not sure about your workflow though, and I'm sure you've done what you've seen elsewhere.

This comment relates to the other additional resources as well, but I will just comment it here now :) 

This goes for the other additional resources as well, but I will just comment it here now :)

Reviewer: In my docs it looks like this xref:xyz[name]
e.g. xref:developing-for-the-cloud-with-openshift-in-devstudio_getting-started-with-container-and-cloud-based-development[Developing for the Cloud with OpenShift in {devstudio}].
And then what's in [] will be displayed.

Author: Thanks, Eva! I'll add more context to the links, then have you review. When I build my docs locally, I'll send you a screenshot of what it looks like. On my local hosts, it renders nicely, but I'll see what you think too! And yes, it's frustrating that it won't render properly in it's raw form, haha

Author: Screenshot of how the xrefs look when rendered:
<img width="999" alt="Screen Shot 2021-04-30 at 11 14 23 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70717303/116716046-48bd5e00-a9a5-11eb-895d-27656b5546fe.png">

== Metadata

[source,yaml]
----
v2.0
---
metadata:
  name: devfile-sample
  version: 2.0.0
----

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Key
|metadataObject

|Type
|metadataObject

|Required
|no

|Description
|metadata to be used
|===

For more information, go to: xref:adding-projects-to-a-devfile.adoc[].

== Starter projects

[source,yaml]
----
v2.0
---

> starterProjects:

Reviewer: You should mention that this is an example project using quarkus.

> For more information on the metadata in devfiles, go to: xref:adding-projects-to-a-devfile.adoc[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
For more information on the metadata in devfiles, see xref:adding-projects-to-a-devfile.adoc[].
```
Also, please check the rendered output to verify that the square brackets resolve the topic name.

Reviewer 2: For examples of cross-references, see the IBM Style Guide section, "Citations and references."

Author: Yep, it looks good rendered (see screenshot) and I changed `go to` to `see` thanks! 
<img width="1309" alt="Screen Shot 2021-05-11 at 11 51 15 AM" src="https://user-images.githubusercontent.com/70717303/117846362-5dc0a980-b24f-11eb-83d0-0603790313ed.png">

  - name: quarkus-quickstart
    description: minimal CRUD app with quarkus
    subDir: /getting-started/
    git:
      location: https://github.com/quarkusio/quarkus-quickstarts
      branch: master
      startPoint: 1.7.0.Final
----

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Key
|starterProjectObject

|Type
|starterProjectObject

|Required
|no

|Description
|list of starter projects to be used
|===

For more information, go to: xref:migrating-projects.adoc[].

> == Components

Reviewer: You should mention that this is an example using an openliberty container.

Reviewer: Same goes for commands and events.

[source,yaml]
----
v2.0
---
components:
  - name: appsodyrun
    container:
      image: 'ajymau/java-openliberty-dev:latest'
      memoryLimit: 1512Mi
      mountSources: true
      endpoints:
        - name: 9080/tcp
          exposure: public
          public: true
          protocol: http
          targetPort: 9080
      env:
        - name: MODE2
          value: TEST2
        - name: myprop2
          value: myval2
      volumeMounts:
        - name: myvol
          path: /home/user/myvolpath
  - name: myvol
    volume:
      size: 3Gi
----

[cols="1,1"]
|===
|Key
|componentObject

|Type
|componentObject

|Required
|no

|Description
|list of components to be used
|===

> This component example uses an Open Liberty container, For more information on the components in devfiles, go to: xref:migrating-components.adoc[].

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
This component example uses an Open Liberty container. For more information on the components in devfiles, see xref:migrating-components.adoc[].
```
